#Pesonal log: Andres Gonzalez Gomez

My main focus during this face of the project was visual design and usage of color. Since 
functionality isn't our priority yet, I tried to make the visual aspect of the website as 
polished as possible.

Self-Assessment:

- Tasks Completed: I used the bases we built to create a cleaner page using a specific 
color scheme and visual elements for the structure of the items. I searched for useful 
assets in bootstrap and modified them to our needs.

- Personal Reflection: Since I am better at design than back-end programming I will use 
those skills to make myself useful. I'll be working with data in future deliveries while
keeping the aesthetic of our webpage.

- Performance Evaluation: I'd say my performance wasn't as good as I would've like'd it to
be, since I've been short on time this past weeks. However, I try to work on this proyect 
whenever I can and I'm in constant contact with my team to discuss it.

Reflection on Teammates' Work: My team's performance has been more than ideal since they're
both willing to go that extra mile so our proyect has the quality we want. They are great
programmers and I look forward to what we can create as a team.


##### Second delivery #####

#Pesonal log: Andres Gonzalez Gomez

For this delivery I tried focusing on using the EJS methods learnt in class, adapting the 
existing files to a new structure. I checked the frontend of the code so it translated 
correctly to the new server files. Helping with the investigation needed was key for 
this specific delivery.

Self-Assessment:

- Tasks Completed: I adapted some of the bootstrap assets needed so they fit the needs of 
our project. Besides that, I mostly helped with the transitioning to Node.js, due to the 
fact that the whole structure of the project needed to change.

- Personal Reflection: I mostly helped investigating a lot of the information needed and 
how the libraries could be implemented as required. Since my understanding of MongoDB isn't 
that deep, I trusted my teammates to take care of the things they felt more confortable working on.

- Performance Evaluation: Yet again, I feel like I could always be more involved in the 
technical areas of this delivery. I'd like to think my work was helpful enough to my 
teammates but I'll try to be even more usefull.

Reflection on Teammates' Work: My team's performance is outstanding. They are always prepared 
to work as much as the assigned delivery asks us to. They have a lot of knowledge and 
experience using this methods so their workflow was really smooth and efficient.