#Personal log Martin Garcia

During this deliverable I was focused in checking the progress of the page and
the changing in the website. Also I help with the part of the desing and 
deleting some extra info that is irrelevant.

Task Failed:
I tried to implement some bootstrap in the proyect, trying that some images
deploy información and grafics but i couldnt make it right and i ended update
deleting all the bootstrap try.

Personal Reflection: In the delivery i think that my aportation were cero but, at the end i was helping not only with thee code
or creating the repository, but i help my team seeing some issues with the page, like the color, the format, helping with some issues
that my team have with some anchors and the display.

Performance Evaluation: I feel that i didnt work as much as my teamates, but thinking in deep all the things we change in the pryect 
since the begining i think that my work was more in the ideas and the supervision more than making the web.

Reflection on teamates Work: My team is the best they work in time and in forms also they make this possible and all 
their ideas were creative and all posible.


##### Second deliverable #####

In this deliverable I make sure the page was still good looking and also practical, ensuring that all the new implementations like mongo or the methods were
correct and that they do not cause conflicts or errors, also I help with the desing.

Task Completed:

I successfully implemented a confirmation window for downloading the document containing the lake data, which also checks if the file cannot be downloaded or is missing. 
Additionally, I implemented arrows in the tables to help devices navigate through the entire table in case it is not fully displayed on the screen.

Personal Reflection:
During this deliverable, I was able to better understand the backend as well as successfully integrate it with the frontend, and reinforce my knowledge of databases.
Even though I didn’t dive too deep into the backend, I observed the process of connecting everything we had in HTML to EJS. Not to mention, we had to make several modifications 
to ensure the page continued to look good,
 improving some visual aspects along the way.

 Performance Evaluation:
 In this deliverable, I felt that I contributed more directly, making pushes to the repository and modifying some backend aspects even though it's not my strong suit.

 Reflection on Teammates: 
 I believe my team and I complement each other very well. Not to mention, they are very skilled in both backend and frontend respectively. Especially, our colleague Carlos tends to 
 work a lot and puts a lot of effort into making the project the best it can be, which allows for implementing some changes easily. And Andres makes very good design decisions.
